Document multi-tenancy support for Zeebe (#2734)
camunda/camunda-docs: docs/self-managed/operational-guides/update-guide/820-to-830.md

With the new version, the behavior changed if the variable value is `null`. The function returns `true` if the variable
exists and its value is not `null`. It returns `false` if the variable doesn't exist or its value is `null`.

## Multi-tenancy

### Zeebe migration

> Upgrading may take longer if the experimental consistency checks enabled. If the duration of the downtime needs to

Reviewer: I believe we should use "update" instead of upgrade

Reviewer 2: Nice catch!

be shortened, set the following properties to `false` while migrating Zeebe to `8.3.0`:

- In application.yaml
  - Broker: `zeebe.broker.experimental.consistencyChecks.enablePreconditions`
  - Broker: `zeebe.broker.experimental.consistencyChecks.enableForeignKeyChecks`
- Or through the environment variables:
  - Broker: `ZEEBE_BROKER_EXPERIMENTAL_CONSISTENCYCHECKS_ENABLEPRECONDITIONS`
  - Broker: `ZEEBE_BROKER_EXPERIMENTAL_CONSISTENCYCHECKS_ENABLEFOREIGNKEYCHECKS`

### Accessing existing data

> Once multi-tenancy is enabled, all existing data is owned by the `<default` tenant. To ensure continued access to this

Reviewer: There is a ">" missing after <default

> Once multi-tenancy is enabled, all existing data is owned by the `<default` tenant. To ensure continued access to this

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Once multi-tenancy is enabled, all existing data is owned by the `<default` tenant. To continue to guarantee access to these
```

wdyt ? Little rephrase
